Gaby and James Kenny and Ian
you've been so brave and you can do no
more may I say worth more good luck to
your best look Craig will ask you first
which couple are you going to safe what
does think this is then entirely the
situation of course that we wanted to
avoid because they're both amazing but I
have to make decision and just for sheer
versatility I'm gonna have to choose
Gaby I'll in your turn who would you
like to keep in Strictly Come Dancing
because she danced for her life tonight
I'm gonna do penny and run apiece so
Bruno who do you think deserves to be
saved
well once I couldn't agree more with
Arlen I think this is a situation is
unprecedented
you both did incredibly well for me
tonight Pena Nia has an extra bling into
Boston power inspired Samba I found it
for me they should stay
casting boats whichever couple he
chooses will be staying in Strictly Come
Dancing this wasn't my role my role was
to vote off one of the worst dancers not
one of the best dancers and I'd find
that situation my heart goes out to them
both I thought they both came out danced
beautifully and a tremendous pressure
but for the more rounded performance
I've got to go with penny and Ian
all of us are told that we're devastated
we're devastated but have you enjoyed
being with James I don't want to cry
because I've had such an amazing time
with James has been a phenomenal teacher
I felt I have a lot more to learn I
thought I heard a lot more to give we
have amazing music for next week which I
was gonna I need I was going to dance
next week to the music as well but
anyway that's so much more to show us it
the judges the other content should have
been in the top three but there you go
so we have to say goodbye to Daddy
in-game remaining ten couple he'll be
back man we performing either Akashi Go
Go or a up